Elon Musk vs. Sam Altman, Mag 7 earnings, Fed meeting: What to Watch, Asking for a Trend Host Josh Lipton previews several of the biggest stories to come next week,&nbsp;including the start of the trial between OpenAI (OPAI.PVT) co-founders Sam Altman and Elon Musk; earnings results from Magnificent Seven tech companies Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL), Microsoft (MSFT), Amazon (AMZN), Meta Platforms (META), and Apple (AAPL); and the Federal Reserve's latest interest rate decision to come at its April FOMC meeting.
Stock buybacks stay hot, while Big Tech beasts like Meta lay off workers en masse, While the HR departments at Big Tech work overtime to craft exit packages and collect laptops from laid-off workers, companies also appear to be working overtime to repurchase stock.
Meta to use Amazon Graviton chips to power AI services, Meta has entered into a multiyear agreement to deploy Amazon's Graviton chips to power its AI capabilities.
Meta’s AWS Graviton5 Bet Rewrites AI Costs And Supplier Balance, Meta Platforms (NasdaqGS:META) has agreed a multi year deal with Amazon Web Services to deploy tens of millions of AWS Graviton5 CPU chips. The CPUs are intended to support next generation agentic AI workloads and reduce reliance on GPU only infrastructure. The agreement signals a shift in Meta's AI compute mix toward CPU heavy architectures and tighter collaboration with a major cloud provider. Meta Platforms comes into this move with its shares at $675.05 and a 23.7% return over the past...
Related Digital secures financing for $16 billion Oracle data center in Michigan, Data center developer Related Digital said on Friday it has secured financing ‌for a $16 billion data center campus it ‌is building in Michigan for Oracle. The financing includes equity from ​Related Digital and funds affiliated with Blackstone, as well as fixed-rate, long-term debt financing anchored by PIMCO-managed funds and accounts, the company said. PIMCO bought ‌about $10 billion of the ⁠bonds that priced Friday, while other investors bought the remainder of the debt, ⁠Bloomberg News reported, citing people familiar.
Mag 7 Earnings Take the Spotlight: What to Expect, The earnings focus this week is on the Magnificent 7 group of mega-cap Tech companies, with Amazon, Alphabet, Microsoft, and Meta reporting results on Wednesday, April 29th, and Apple doing the same the day after.
Stock Market Today, April 24: S&P 500 and Nasdaq Set New Highs on Tech Surge, On April 24, 2026, Intel’s breakout quarter reignited chip leadership and intensified the AI giants’ grip on U.S. indexes.
Meta’s loss is Thinking Machines’ gain, Meta has been poaching talent from Thinking Machines Lab. But it's a two-way street.
Dow Jones Futures: Apple, Amazon, Google Lead Earnings Wave For AI-Led Stock Market, The stock market is at highs but results and spending plans for Apple, Amazon, Google and more will be key for the AI-led rally
Amazon Stock Rallies To Record High On Meta AI Chip Deal, Amazon stock jumped Friday to a record high following news it will provide its Graviton processors to Facebook parent Meta Platforms. Meta stock gained as well. Amazon said Meta will use "tens of millions" of Amazon Web Services' Graviton CPUs (central processing units) to power its AI offerings, according to the announcement.
