Earnings live updates: Booking Holdings cuts revenue forecast amid war's impact, Starbucks' quarter impresses, Earnings season is in full swing, with five of the "Magnificent Seven" reporting first quarter results this week
I'll die with my Apple stock: Polcari, As earnings from Big Tech names like Amazon, Microsoft, Alphabet, and Apple storm Wall Street, investors are rallying behind their favorite names. For Trader Talk host Kenny Polcari, that name is Apple, which he says he will keep buying until the very end. Polcari discussed his stance with Interactive Brokers Chief Strategist Steve Sosnick and Yahoo Finance Executive Editor Brian Sozzi.
Brace for eye-popping AI spending plans when 'Magnificent 7' earnings roll in, The race to build AI infrastructure is unrelenting.
Is Microsoft stock on the verge of big breakout?, The setup on Microsoft may be bullish.
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week: Morning Brief, A deluge of Big Tech earnings this week will take center stage on Wednesday. One number will tell the story of the AI boom.
Dow Jones Futures: Seagate, Bloom Energy, Teradyne Lead Earnings Movers After OpenAI Hits Techs; Titans On Tap, The stock market fell on OpenAI fears and rising oil prices, but pared losses. AI stocks Seagate, Bloom Energy led earnings movers late.
Why Spotify Stock Dropped Today, Artificial intelligence (AI) investments could weigh on the music streamer's bottom line.
Amazon Is About to Report Q1 Earnings. Do Options Traders Expect a Major Move in AMZN Stock?, E-commerce and cloud computing giant Amazon (AMZN) is scheduled to announce its first-quarter results after the market closes on Wednesday, April 29. AMZN stock has risen over 29% in the past month, driven by accelerating growth in the company’s AWS (Amazon Web Services) cloud unit, a deal with Meta Platforms (META) to power agentic AI on AWS’ Graviton chips, and other strategic partnerships, including a new deal to invest up to $25 billion in Anthropic. According to TipRanks’ Options Tool, opti
Is Amazon (AMZN) Stock a Once-in-a-Decade Buying Opportunity?, The e-commerce and cloud infrastructure leader is still a reliable long-term investment.
Oracle Stock Is Paying the Price for OpenAI’s Failures, Oracle  stock closed down Tuesday as its relationship with ChatGPT-developer OpenAI is under scrutiny again—and taking down much of the AI trade with it even though the tech start-up has pushed back.  Its shares have fallen 15% in 2026 over concerns about its capital expenditures as it builds out artificial-intelligence data centers.  The trigger for Tuesday’s slide was a report in the The Wall Street Journal that OpenAI has recently missed its own targets for new users and revenue, leading to concerns among executives about whether it will be able to fulfill its spending commitments.
