US stocks: Will Mag 7 earnings be make-or-break for market rally?, US stocks (^DJI, ^IXIC, ^GSPC) are mixed heading into Monday's closing bell as investors gear up for an eventful trading week: Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL), Amazon (AMZN), Apple (AAPL), Meta Platforms (META), and Microsoft (MSFT) are all scheduled to report quarterly earnings results throughout this week. How could the performances of these Magnificent Seven stocks weigh on the broader market rally seen in April? Yahoo Finance Markets and Data Editor Jared Blikre takes a closer look at the stock moves seen in the Magnificent Seven (MAGS), the PHLX Semiconductor Index (^SOX), and the tech sector at large.
Have software stocks reached an extreme washout yet?, Continue to proceed with caution on battered software stocks.
Dow Jones Futures: Nasdaq, S&P 500 Set More Record Highs; Micron, Nvidia, Sandisk, Alphabet Are Big Winners, Dow Jones Futures: The Nasdaq and S&P 500 set more record highs Monday. Micron, Sandisk, Nvidia and Alphabet were big winners.
These Stocks Could Be Vulnerable if Anthropic's Mythos Goes Haywire, Crypto exchanges, finance, and cybersecurity stocks could dip if a Mythos-related attack occurs.
3 Healthcare Stocks That Pay You While You Wait for the Growth, It may not seem like it at first, but these dividends are safe.
Review & Preview: Waiting Is the Hardest Part, REVIEW PREVIEW NEWSLETTER Expectations Mount. It’s a big week for earnings, and investors are feeling optimistic as S&P 500 companies plow through what’s likely to be another quarter of double-digit growth.
Here's What I Think Is Going On With Nvidia Stock, Can Nvidia's stock price recovery last?
How The Himadri Speciality Chemical (BSE:500184) Narrative Is Evolving With AI Supply Chain Hopes, Himadri Speciality Chemical’s fair value has been kept steady at ₹470.0 per share, even as the underlying model assumptions for growth, margins, and discount rate have been fine tuned. Analysts are linking this unchanged price target to ongoing debate about how closely Himadri can sit alongside the supply chains feeding high performance computing and AI hardware, where current Street research is focused on memory and optical component names tied to Nvidia’s Vera Rubin platform. As you read...
Nvidia’s (NVDA) Explosive Run May See Limits Going Forward, Warns JPMorgan, Chipmaker Nvidia (NVDA) has seen a strong rally recently, but not everyone on Wall Street believes it can keep going at the same pace. Indeed, JPMorgan (JPM) strategist Mislav Matejka said he still likes semiconductor stocks and remains positive on the group, but he also warned that the market may not behave the same way it did last year. While Nvidia surged about 120% over a six-month stretch in 2025 after a weak first quarter, Matejka believes that the conditions for another similar run are no
Nvidia Stock Just Hit a New All-Time High, Pushing Its Market Cap Above $5 Trillion. Is It Too Late to Buy the Stock?, The AI chipmaker has rebounded from its recent correction, but is there additional upside ahead?
