Will Nvidia's explosive rally end soon?, JPMorgan has a warning for Nvidia fans.
Nvidia’s (NVDA) Explosive Run May See Limits Going Forward, Warns JPMorgan, Chipmaker Nvidia (NVDA) has seen a strong rally recently, but not everyone on Wall Street believes it can keep going at the same pace. Indeed, JPMorgan (JPM) strategist Mislav Matejka said he still likes semiconductor stocks and remains positive on the group, but he also warned that the market may not behave the same way it did last year. While Nvidia surged about 120% over a six-month stretch in 2025 after a weak first quarter, Matejka believes that the conditions for another similar run are no
What's Driving the Insane Rally in Chip Stocks & ETFs?, Chip stocks are among the biggest beneficiaries of the AI boom.
Credo Technology (CRDO) Highlights Solutions for Memory Bottlenecks to Boost AI Inference Scalability, Credo Technology Group Holding Ltd (NASDAQ:CRDO) is one of the 10 Best Under-the-Radar Data Center Stocks to Buy. The stock has skyrocketed 367.99% in the past year and 32.31% year-to-date. On April 22 alone, Credo Technology’s stock rose 3.37 percent as it continued to highlight its next-generation connectivity solutions for AI infrastructure. Last week, the […]
Google looks to MediaTek for next-gen AI chips, Google taps multiple partners
Taiwan Semi’s Latest Breakthrough Isn’t Just Bad for ASML Stock, It Could Disrupt the Entire Chip Industry, Taiwan Semiconductor's A13 Process and N2U could sidestep ASML's $400 million High-NA machines, raising questions about the company's moat.
Will Intel Stock Keep Soaring as Q4 Earnings Approach?, Analyst upgrades and bullish commentary have piled up ahead of Intel's Q4 results on Thursday, January 22, pushing its stock to a two-year high of $50 a share.
5 Winning Leveraged ETFs of Last Week, These leveraged ETFs soared last week as chip stocks rallied. NVIDIA reclaimed $5T market-cap mark, and oil strength fueled outsized gains.
TSMC vs. Lam Research: Which AI Infrastructure Stock Has an Edge?, LRCX may outshine TSM now as AI chip demand lifts profits, while TSM faces heavier spending and geopolitical risks despite booming growth.
The Best Artificial Intelligence (AI) Growth Stocks to Buy on the Nasdaq as the Rally Heats Up, AMD and Alphabet are two top AI stocks to buy with this rally.
