Tuesday earnings to watch: Coca-Cola, GM, Robinhood, Starbucks, Yahoo Finance's Josh Lipton takes a look at the top stories for investors to watch on Tuesday, Apr. 28. A huge slate of earnings is on deck, including Coca-Cola (KO), Spotify (SPOT), General Motors (GM), Starbucks (SBUX), and Robinhood (HOOD).The latest consumer confidence reading will be published in the morning.
AWS exec. expands on productivity benefits of training AI agents, Amazon Web Services (AMZN) offers businesses and professionals a growing variety of platforms to train and develop AI models. AWS Agentic AI vice president Deepak Singh sits down with Yahoo Finance Tech Editor Dan Howley to discuss the efficiency capabilities of these artificial intelligence agents and the company's partnerships with private AI startups. Amazon is scheduled to release first quarter earnings results after the market close on Wednesday, April 29.
S&P 500 Companies' Quarterly Profit Growth Eases, But Remains Well Above Expectations, Oppenheimer Says, S&P 500 companies' quarterly earnings growth decelerated compared with figures from a week ago, but
PYPL Shares Slide 31.4% in 6 Months: Should You Buy the Dip or Sell?, PayPal stock is down 31.4% in six months, but AI commerce, Venmo expansion and global PYUSD rollout could shape its next recovery phase.
Amazon Is a Strong Buy as Cloud Unit Reignites Growth Story, I’m going straight to the verdict. Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) trades at $263.99 as of writing, and our 24/7 Wall St. price target points to $287.67 over the next 12 months. That implies 8.9% upside, and our recommendation is buy. Confidence is high at 90%, supported by reaccelerating AWS growth, a bullish analyst consensus, and net insider ... Amazon Is a Strong Buy as Cloud Unit Reignites Growth Story
Week ahead: Big Tech earnings, Fed decision, and an oil crisis set up Wall Street's biggest test of the year, Wall Street heads into one of the most consequential weeks of the year with a full plate: a historic wave of corporate earnings, a pivotal Federal Reserve meeting, and an unresolved geopolitical standoff in the Middle East all arriving at once. Some 180 S&P 500 companies are scheduled to...
US Equity Futures Fall Pre-Bell as Middle East Peace Talks Remain Stalled, Iran Reportedly Floats New Peace Offer, US equity futures were marginally lower pre-bell Monday amid reports of Iran's new proposal to reope
Digital Payment Update - AI's Double Role: Fueling and Fighting E-Commerce Fraud, Recent developments in the digital payment and e-commerce sectors highlight a significant increase in fraud, with global e-commerce fraud losses projected to more than double from $40 billion in 2024 to over $100 billion by 2029. This surge is attributed to rising transaction volumes, identity fraud, social engineering, and crypto scam escalations. Artificial intelligence is playing a dual role by facilitating more sophisticated attacks while also enhancing fraud detection tools. As fraud...
Fed Rate Decision, Verizon, Coca-Cola, Apple, Meta, Exxon, and Much More to Watch This Week, This week brings what could be Jerome Powell’s final presser as Fed chair, and we’ll also see PCE inflation data. Plus, it’s a huge week for earnings, with about a third of S&P 500 companies reporting.
US Equity Futures Mixed Pre-Bell as Middle East Peace Talks Remain Stalled, Iran Reportedly Floats New Peace Offer, US equity futures were mixed pre-bell Monday amid reports of Iran's new proposal to reopen the Strai
