AT&T (T) – Among the 10 Best Fortune 500 Dividend Stocks to Invest in Right Now, With an annual dividend yield of 4.24%, AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) is included among the 10 Best Fortune 500 Dividend Stocks to Invest in Right Now. AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) provides telecommunications and technology services worldwide. On April 23, Scotiabank slightly lowered its price target on AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) from $31.50 to $31, while keeping a ‘Sector Perform’ rating […]
AT&T's Free Cash Flow Declined Significantly Last Quarter. Is Its Dividend Still Safe?, The company has been investing more money in its fiber business, resulting in less free cash flow.
Stop Valuing CHTR Stock Like It Is Going Out Of Business, Charter Communications (NASDAQ: CHTR) has experienced a multi-year decline, trading roughly 58% below its 52-week high. While market sentiment reflects concerns regarding competition from 5G fixed wireless and fiber overbuilds, a discrepancy exists between the current stock price and the company's cash flow generation.
Verizon Stock Jumps After Earnings. How Big Wireless Is Crushing Cable., Verizon Communications  stock was rising on Monday after the company’s strong first-quarter results showed that Big Wireless is beating cable in a brutal battle for subscribers.  Verizon reported adjusted earnings of $1.28 a share, as revenue rose 2.9% from a year ago to $34.4 billion.  Analysts were expecting earnings of $1.21 a share on revenue of $34.8 billion, according to a FactSet poll.
Buying CMCSA At A Discount And Getting Paid To Do It, At about $27.50 per share, Comcast (CMCSA) is trading about 16% below its 52W high.
ONDS Stock Valuation: Is the Premium Multiple Worth the Risk?, ONDS shares skyrocketed over the past year, but now trade at 10.54X forward sales with losses, dilution, and integration risk testing the premium.
Chicago bus driver falls victim to sophisticated scam that cost Americans $1.5B in a single year. Here’s how it works, Tech-support fraud is damaging Americans’ finances.
Tutor Perini Corporation (TPC) is Attracting Investor Attention: Here is What You Should Know, Zacks.com users have recently been watching Tutor Perini (TPC) quite a bit. Thus, it is worth knowing the facts that could determine the stock's prospects.
Verizon Raises 2026 Earnings Outlook Following Unexpected Postpaid Subscriber Additions, Verizon Communications (VZ) lifted its full-year earnings outlook on Monday and reported a first-qua
Verizon boosts annual profit forecast after surprise rise in wireless subscribers, Verizon raised its annual profit forecast on Monday after revamped customer offers and bundled plans led to surprise ‌first-quarter wireless subscriber additions, sending its shares up 4%.  With deals such as ‌offering better terms to customers who brought in bills from rivals like AT&T and T-Mobile, Verizon worked ​to draw in paying subscribers as part of a broader turnaround push to revive wireless growth.  Verizon added 55,000 monthly bill-paying wireless subscribers in the quarter, its first net gains for the March-ended period in more than a decade.
