Tech Stars From the 90s Reborn: Nokia, Dell, Cisco Surge on AI, (Bloomberg) -- They were all stars of the dot-com era before fading into the background as the bubble burst and a new generation of tech darlings rose to the forefront. But Dell Technologies Inc., Nokia Oyj and Lenovo Group Ltd. are back with a vengeance thanks to the unrelenting artificial intelligence spending boom.Most Read from BloombergUS Says Deals With Iran for Safe Hormuz Transit Are ProhibitedAmericans Injured in Iranian Missile Strike on Kuwaiti Air BaseStrait of Hormuz Ship Transits A
European Equities Traded in the US as American Depositary Receipts Rise in Friday Trading; Flat for Week, European equities traded in the US as American depositary receipts were rising late Friday morning,
Key Themes to Watch at Asia’s Biggest AI Tech Show, (Bloomberg) -- Nvidia Corp.’s Jensen Huang leads a parade of AI computing leaders in Taiwan for Asia’s biggest technology showcase, Computex. Over a jam-packed week, the hardware linchpins of the post-ChatGPT era will debate the most pressing issues facing their industry, from growing bottlenecks in the supply of essential components like memory chips to the rise of challengers to Nvidia at the apex of the semiconductor hierarchy.Most Read from BloombergSingapore Hands Byju's Founder His First E
Assessing Nokia (HLSE:NOKIA) Valuation As AI Networking Push Draws Fresh Market Attention, Nokia Oyj (HLSE:NOKIA) has moved further into AI infrastructure with the launch of its AI Networking Innovation Lab in Sunnyvale, California. The lab focuses on next generation data center networking for artificial intelligence workloads. See our latest analysis for Nokia Oyj. The recent AI-focused announcements come against a backdrop of very strong momentum, with a 30 day share price return of 41.6%, a 90 day share price return of 105.51% and a 1 year total shareholder return of 188.13% at...
European Equities Traded in the US as American Depositary Receipts Edge Lower Thursday, European equities traded in the US as American depositary receipts were trending slightly lower late
Had You Invested $1,000 in Nokia 5 Years Ago, Here’s What You’d Have Now, From Dead Money to AI Darling For most of the past decade, Nokia (NYSE: NOK) was the patience trade nobody wanted. The Finnish telecom equipment maker spent years restructuring under former CEO Pekka Lundmark, cutting costs, and watching Ericsson, Huawei, and Samsung carve up the 5G market while shareholders received a thin dividend and not ... Had You Invested $1,000 in Nokia 5 Years Ago, Here’s What You’d Have Now
European Equities Traded in the US as American Depositary Receipts Decline in Wednesday Trading, European equities traded in the US as American depositary receipts were tracking lower late Wednesda
Can Ericsson's 5G Innovation Network in Canada Drive Future Growth?, ERIC and the Canadian Government unveil AWIN, a secure 5G testbed to strengthen defense, public safety and emergency response nationwide.
Forget Cisco: Nokia Is the AI Networking Stock Nobody’s Watching, Cisco Systems (NASDAQ: CSCO) is the AI networking name dominating every screen this month, with shares up 54.9% year to date on the back of a raised $9.0 billion FY26 AI infrastructure order target. But here is what investors should actually be watching. The Cisco Trade Is Crowded and Fully Priced Cisco opened Wednesday at ... Forget Cisco: Nokia Is the AI Networking Stock Nobody’s Watching
NOK, MU, BB Stocks Hit 52-Week Highs Today: What's Fueling The Rally?, The gains are viewed as part of a broader rotation away from expensive AI software names and toward companies supplying the hardware backbone of the expanding AI economy.
