Stock Market Week Ahead: Dow Jones Breakout Watch, The coming stock market week includes Cisco Systems earnings, plus a handful of top Dow Jones stocks positioned for possible breakouts.
Is It Too Late To Consider Applied Materials (AMAT) After A 166% One Year Surge?, Wondering if Applied Materials at around US$410 per share still offers value, or if most of the opportunity is already priced in. The stock has posted returns of 4.1% over the last week, 15.9% over the last month, 52.7% year to date and 165.5% over the past year, which naturally raises questions about growth potential and changing risk perceptions. Recent coverage has focused on Applied Materials as a key player in the semiconductor supply chain, with attention on how industry demand for...
This Asian Stock Market Is up 75% This Year: ‘The Chip Boom Isn’t a Wall Street Story’, The AI semiconductor trade has a passport, and lately it has been stamped more often in Seoul than in San Jose. On a recent Reuters Morning Bid podcast segment titled Chip stock boom, the host pushed back on the assumption that the chip rally is a Wall Street phenomenon, pointing to Korea’s market surge as ... This Asian Stock Market Is up 75% This Year: ‘The Chip Boom Isn’t a Wall Street Story’
Is Applied Materials (AMAT) One of the Best Inflation-Hedge Stocks to Buy for 2026?, Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) is included among the 10 Best Inflation-Hedge Stocks to Buy for 2026. On May 8, HSBC initiated coverage of Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) with a Buy rating. It also set a $517 price target on the stock. The firm said the company is well-positioned to benefit from growing demand for wafer […]
Airbnb Q1 Earnings Miss Estimates, Revenues Rise Y/Y, Shares Up, ABNB shares gain after Q1 revenues beat estimates and bookings stayed strong despite higher cancelations tied to the Middle East conflict.
Jim Cramer Notes NVIDIA’s Status as Largest Company While Praising New Tech Chips, NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) was one of the stocks on Jim Cramer’s radar as he highlighted AI winners to buy for 2026. Cramer noted that the company provides chips that are necessary for data centers and said: You need the chips, too. That means NVIDIA, of course, which started it all, remains the largest company on […]
Cisco Stock Finds New Growth In AI Infrastructure; Will Fiscal Q3 Earnings Impress?, Cisco stock is holding near highs after a successful transformation from legacy networking hardware firm to an AI infrastructure player.
HubSpot downgraded, Qualcomm upgraded: Wall Street's top analyst calls, HubSpot downgraded, Qualcomm upgraded: Wall Street's top analyst calls
Applied Materials Stock Just Got a New Street-High Price Target: AMAT’s Role in AI Is Almost ‘Irreplaceable’, Applied Materials just received a new high price target from Seaport as the company solidifies its role in the AI semiconductor buildout.
Here Are Friday’s Top Wall Street Analyst Research Calls: Applied Materials, Devon Energy, Epam Systems, HubSpot, Nike, Shake Shack, Tapestry, Qualcomm, and More, Pre-Market Stock Futures: Futures are trading higher as we get set to end what has been one of the wildest weeks on Wall Street in some time. After blowing through all-time highs for the umpteenth time on Wednesday, stocks started higher again on Thursday but started to sell off after the noon hour. While most ... Here Are Friday’s Top Wall Street Analyst Research Calls: Applied Materials, Devon Energy, Epam Systems, HubSpot, Nike, Shake Shack, Tapestry, Qualcomm, and More
