Software, semis, & BofA's 'perfect portfolio': Charts of the Day, Yahoo Finance Markets and Data Editor Jared Blikre takes a look at the software sector (IGV), semiconductor sector (SOXX), and Bank of America's (BAC) "permanent portfolio" through the years.
Are Intel's impressive earnings a precursor to AMD's?, Intel (INTC) stock is soaring after the company reported first quarter earnings results and second quarter guidance that surpassed Wall Street's expectations. Lossdog founder and CEO Tom Sosnoff, Yahoo Finance Senior Business Reporter Ines Ferré, and Yahoo Finance Senior Reporter Brooke DiPalma discuss the results and stock moves with Yahoo Finance Executive Editor Brian Sozzi.
AMD stock jumps to record high on upgrade, Intel results, AMD is soaring to new highs along with Intel. D.A. Davidson just upgraded the chipmaker to a Buy.
Why Intel Stock Skyrocketed Today, The venerable chipmaker is finding its way in an AI-driven world.
Stock Market Today, April 24: Intel Surges After Q1 Earnings Beat Expectations, AI-fueled earnings strength and fresh government backing put this chip giant at the center of the market’s focus, today, April 24, 2026.
Semiconductor Stocks Extend Record-Breaking Streak, A breakneck rally in shares of Intel powered the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to fresh records on Friday, with investors looking past geopolitical tensions to double down on tech stocks. Investor enthusiasm for tech extended across the chip sector, carrying the PHLX semiconductor index to its 18th straight gain, its longest winning streak on record, according to Dow Jones Market Data.
Anything Intel Can Do, Advanced Micro Devices Might Be Able to Do Better, D.A. Davidson upgrades Advanced Micro Devices stock to Buy from Neutral following a blockbuster earnings report from rival Intel.
Intel’s Big Ride — Heard on the Street Recap, Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner are being dispatched to Islamabad for talks with Iranian officials, but it was still unclear as of Friday afternoon if those talks would actually happen.  The Dow slipped 80 points to close at 49231, while the Nasdaq jumped 1.6%.  The Justice Department said it would end its criminal investigation of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
1 No-Brainer Artificial Intelligence (AI) Stock to Buy With $10,000 and Hold for the Long Term, TSMC is one of the best AI stocks to hold for the long term.
Stock Market Today, April 24: Nvidia Surges on Soaring AI Chip Demand, On April 24, 2026, investors weighed soaring AI chip demand, sector-wide rallies, and sky-high growth hopes around this market heavyweight.
