US stocks: Will Mag 7 earnings be make-or-break for market rally?, US stocks (^DJI, ^IXIC, ^GSPC) are mixed heading into Monday's closing bell as investors gear up for an eventful trading week: Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL), Amazon (AMZN), Apple (AAPL), Meta Platforms (META), and Microsoft (MSFT) are all scheduled to report quarterly earnings results throughout this week. How could the performances of these Magnificent Seven stocks weigh on the broader market rally seen in April? Yahoo Finance Markets and Data Editor Jared Blikre takes a closer look at the stock moves seen in the Magnificent Seven (MAGS), the PHLX Semiconductor Index (^SOX), and the tech sector at large.
Will Nvidia's explosive rally end soon?, JPMorgan has a warning for Nvidia fans.
These Stocks Could Be Vulnerable if Anthropic's Mythos Goes Haywire, Crypto exchanges, finance, and cybersecurity stocks could dip if a Mythos-related attack occurs.
3 Healthcare Stocks That Pay You While You Wait for the Growth, It may not seem like it at first, but these dividends are safe.
Nvidia’s (NVDA) Explosive Run May See Limits Going Forward, Warns JPMorgan, Chipmaker Nvidia (NVDA) has seen a strong rally recently, but not everyone on Wall Street believes it can keep going at the same pace. Indeed, JPMorgan (JPM) strategist Mislav Matejka said he still likes semiconductor stocks and remains positive on the group, but he also warned that the market may not behave the same way it did last year. While Nvidia surged about 120% over a six-month stretch in 2025 after a weak first quarter, Matejka believes that the conditions for another similar run are no
Nvidia Stock Just Hit a New All-Time High, Pushing Its Market Cap Above $5 Trillion. Is It Too Late to Buy the Stock?, The AI chipmaker has rebounded from its recent correction, but is there additional upside ahead?
Why Celcuity Stock Popped on Monday, An analyst initiated coverage of the biotech.
Rambus Q1 Earnings Call Highlights, Rambus (NASDAQ:RMBS) outlined its second-quarter outlook and provided updates on product transitions, supply chain conditions, and longer-term platform-driven opportunities during its latest earnings call. Guidance calls for sequential revenue growth in Q2 Management guided to second-quarter revenu
Why Critical Metals Stock Soared Almost 26% Higher Today, The company has made a proposal to acquire a top European peer.
The First Blockbuster Artificial Intelligence IPO of 2026 Is Almost Here. Here's Why I'm Staying Away., This AI darling could see a huge revenue bump, but it's far from guaranteed.
