Alphabet earnings on tap with Gemini, AI spending updates in focus with stock near record high, Google will report its first quarter earnings after the bell on Wednesday.
US stocks: Will Mag 7 earnings be make-or-break for market rally?, US stocks (^DJI, ^IXIC, ^GSPC) are mixed heading into Monday's closing bell as investors gear up for an eventful trading week: Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL), Amazon (AMZN), Apple (AAPL), Meta Platforms (META), and Microsoft (MSFT) are all scheduled to report quarterly earnings results throughout this week. How could the performances of these Magnificent Seven stocks weigh on the broader market rally seen in April? Yahoo Finance Markets and Data Editor Jared Blikre takes a closer look at the stock moves seen in the Magnificent Seven (MAGS), the PHLX Semiconductor Index (^SOX), and the tech sector at large.
Dow Jones Futures: Nasdaq, S&P 500 Set More Record Highs; Micron, Nvidia, Sandisk, Alphabet Are Big Winners, Dow Jones Futures: The Nasdaq and S&P 500 set more record highs Monday. Micron, Sandisk, Nvidia and Alphabet were big winners.
Google employees urge CEO to block military AI use, FT reports, More than 560 Google employees signed a letter urging CEO Sundar Pichai to block the use of its AI in classified U.S. military operations, citing concerns about harmful applications, The Financial Times’ Stephen Morris reports. The letter argues AI should benefit humanity and warns against uses such as lethal autonomous weapons and mass surveillance. “The only way to guarantee that Google does not become associated with such harms is to reject any classified workloads,” the letter says. “Otherwi
Midday Fly By: Verizon reports ‘beat and raise,’ Shell to acquire ARC, The major averages were broadly lower amid stalled peace negotiations between the U.S. and Iran as well as new escalation in the Strait of Hormuz. Investors are also balancing continued strength in corporate earnings and AI-driven optimism with rising geopolitical tension and macro uncertainty. Claim 55% Off TipRanksUnlock hedge fund-level data and powerful investing tools for smarter, sharper decisions Discover top-performing stock ideas and upgrade to a portfolio of market leaders with Smart I
Department of War adding Google’s Gemini for Government models to suite, The official account for the Office of the Under Secretary of War for Research and Engineering stated in a post to X: “Today, the @DeptofWar is officially adding Google’s Gemini for Government 3.1 Pro and 3.0 Flash to the suite of models available on http://GenAI.mil! These upgrades significantly reduce hallucinations, improve output quality, and accelerate productivity, giving warfighters more time to focus on mission-critical tasks.”Claim 55% Off TipRanksUnlock hedge fund-level data and powerf
Alphabet Investors Press For AI Data Center Climate Transparency, Trillium Asset Management has filed a shareholder proposal asking Alphabet (NasdaqGS:GOOGL) to publish a report on how it will meet its climate commitments as AI driven energy use grows. The proposal focuses on rising power needs from AI workloads and new data center construction and calls for more detail on the company’s environmental approach. This is the first major instance of investors directly tying Alphabet’s AI expansion to specific requests for greater climate...
What Stocks to Watch on the Craziest Day in Earnings History, Four Mag 7 giants will report on Wednesday at the same time, along with other hot stocks like Carvana. Get ready.
Verizon Communications Q1 Earnings Call Highlights, Verizon Communications (NYSE:VZ) executives pointed to improving customer retention, lower acquisition costs, and a shift toward “healthier” growth as key drivers of first-quarter 2026 results, while also raising guidance for adjusted earnings per share growth and tightening expectations for postpai
Meet the Growth Stock That Isn't Even in the "Magnificent Seven," but Just Joined the $2 Trillion Club and Hit an All-Time High, Broadcom's latest news with Alphabet catapulted the stock to a new all-time high.
